>> Francesca Sadikin: Okay, so we have
consolidated relevant pieces of code for
every single item, but
before we go into conjured items,
I think there's another
opportunity to refactor.
Because I can see that,
if I were to add conjured items right now,
I'm just gonna be adding to this if-else,
if-else, if block.
And I don't really wanna do that.
So, what I'm going to do instead,
is I'm going to extract
these handlers out.
So, I think what I'm going to do,
is that I'm going to create a new
variable or constant called itemHandler.
Inside of which is an object and I'm going
to use the name of the item as the key,
and it's going to be a function that takes
in item and then does the logic on it.
So I'm gonna actually
paste this logic in and
now I'm going to call it, right here.
So, itemHandler(itemName), and then it's
a function, so I'm gonna give it item.
So I'm gonna fix save, reference
my test suite, tests are passing.
Cool.
Delete code.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Is there any rule thumb or
etiquette to deleting code or
branches of code like that
in a real environment?
>> Francesca Sadikin: Well, in a real
environment, you also have Git, so
there is already version control for you.
But when you're doing really large
refactorings, you do just wanna make
sure you really understand the code
because existing code has layers and
layers of bug fixes, and
it's not always obvious.
So, yeah, like writing tests to
make sure you really understood it.
Try to find an engineer who has worked
with it before to take a look at what
you have captured.
Also, I think ideally when you're
working in production code,
you wouldn't introduce a huge refactor
all at once to production like that.
You might be doing a small little change,
let it go into production,
see what happens, looks good,
then bring in the next set of changes.
Like incrementally, instead of doing a big
giant refactor and then, boom, production.
So again,
we continue with this refactoring.
So, we already started with
extracting the Aged Brie's
handler out into this new data structure.
Let's keep going with Sulfuras next.
So, here is Sulfuras as the key.
This time same deal and
creating a function with item and
inside of it the function does nothing.
A little JavaScript convention
here is to add a little underscore
to let other developers know that this
is intentionally not going to be used.
And so, I'm going to call that
line right here, plop it in.
It's still passing.
So, I know I'm copying and
pasting right now,
but we're going to just continue, and
then we're gonna clean that up afterwards.
So next we have backstage passes.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Going
to add it here.
Here's my new function.
Gonna paste all of this logic out.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And
then call this line instead.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Okay,
that's working.
I can do, remove this, and so
now we have the default handler.
So what I'm gonna do is actually
just create a new key, and
I'll just call this one default.
Here's item,
>> Francesca Sadikin: Move this
logic over.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And now,
instead of calling item.name,
I just need to change this to default.
Let me see.
And that passes, okay.
So when I look at the final
version right now,
I can see that here is the duplication,
right?
We're actually really just calling
this line over and over again,
if it's a specialty item.
Otherwise, it calls default.
So, what I'm going to do is
actually extract this out,
because the only difference is
actually the name of the item.
So I'm gonna call this a new
variable called handlerName.
And inside of it,
I need a way to determine whether
something is a specialty item or
not, right?
So, we could, one of the ways
that someone can do this is.
We can create another collection
called specialtyItemName.
It could be an array
with strings like this.
>> Francesca Sadikin: You could do this,
and then we can use this here.
>> Francesca Sadikin: I just check
whether the item name is inside of it.
Otherwise,
>> Francesca Sadikin: And if it is,
I use the item name, otherwise I use the
string default and then I call it here.
So, instead of item.name,
I press it's handlerName, let's see.
So that refactoring works,
but I don't like this way I'm
doing it because now I'm copy
pasting strings everywhere,
like if add it here now I also
have to remember to add it here.
It's very easy to make a mistake.
So instead, another way that
I'm going to do it is actually,
I think I'm going to just extract
the keys out of this object.
That's another way to do it.
So I'm going to just change that here.
So, I could also use object that keys
of item handler and then check it.
But I'm going this,
what I don't like about this is now
it's taking the keys,
turning it into an array.
And then now it's like a linear search to
see if that item is going to be in this
array, and then, over time, with more
items, this is going to get expensive.
So, what I'm gonna do instead
is use another method called.
I want to say it's hasOwn, and
it takes the actual object inside of it.
And then the item name,
like the key that we're looking for.
So let's see if this refactor works.
Let's remove that.
Okay, so that works.
What I like about this is that it's
just checking whether that key exists
in the object without doing some sort of
linear search through an array instead.
So, I think where this is at is a good
spot to introduce the actual item
that we were supposed to introduce this
whole time, [LAUGH] contract items.
I like where I'm at right now
because as we introduce new items,
now, I have a dedicated
spot to add them in.
And then inside update quality,
we really shouldn't have to manipulate
this area too much now, looking forward.